okay if anyone's seen those fairytale
spoilers that have come out for those
two chapters you've got to know that
they're shit going down and you should
absolutely check these out it's your
massive fairy tale Pam because shit okay
so there was a bunch of stuff that we'll
reveal about these chapters normally
they were supposed to come out on Friday
but ever since the whole big trap to
change then or they come out on Mondays
now and from what we see we see the two
color pages from weapon the first one
really nothing is absolutely just they
wish there was nice and punching you
know like being a bad fucking dragon
that piece of shit war god then the
second one of here and is not to like
half dragon half I color mistakes now
this just could be like an actual it's
just a color page that like you know
here or as fucking around right now it I
doubt he'll do something like this just
in the teens but you see like he has
like eight Neil's wing he has to click
cause like the for like scales like
pretty much it's like dragonforce but
gone to the extreme I'm guessing a lot
of people saying like this is probably
gonna be the big reveal that he was
gonna show since he'll say bio there's
gonna be some huge big reveal
I'm guessing that this is because like
Neil's no longer it is body that he's
like no longer got the antibodies and
and can't keep inside of them pretty
much II he's becoming hello gear right
now and it's like this is way too much
I'm gonna show you like the like panels
are no leaning down below if you really
want to see but it's just said in
English Natsu dragon eyes and I was like
fucking yeah that's what I wanna see
that made this arc like one thing in
this artist is being a bad act but that
was worthwhile like just to see that I
might we're got over the wall if that is
just like a little color paste I don't
is if I expect that Kenzi because policy
no like big Neil was keeping his power
and check I guess in a way although you
know that he always been one shot now
wedding stuff like we cover out the
entire time but it's like this could
explain why he's been keeping like the
whole like dragonforce mode and checking
bar like god she or my Wendy computer
would like with ease maybe like and why
is he there what to do it so you know
there's still all the expansion that's
still no excuse like masters
like punch this go when we should've had
one a little difficulty with it
but regardless of walk that was some
sick ass shit and there was some other
stuff I might mention in this chapter as
well like they said like finding out a
little bit more about Al Attar there
getting arrested and a few little things
I was like saying like secondly although
the stuff LaRoche didn't change the past
and like apparently there's gonna be a
talk with Sarah and actor logia in which
I believe is in the second chapter so
look forward to that guys because that's
gonna be some interesting shit I'm just
saying about that but yeah I'm gonna
leave that off from there guys um if
none of that stuff is true that I said I
will take down this video but oh my god
I just named chocolates I'm really
excited to talk about this regular
Mike's watching I'll see you guys next
time